good to everything was we are in
arabia and I will do new account
the wait a moment that I go with life
where is nobody cares and that the
sultan
Suleiman also your car
We are with fellow Moors
your law I do not know how to write my
name your law and give me your truck now
same
do not even think about it let's go let's go let's go
come on let's go inside we do not see bank
come on let go come on come on let's go
to kill this and this and that appears that
failed mission because there was no need to kill
nobody useless game is silly says mission
failed a dead queen I have to do
a career
albertico you better have a joke
thank you forward
I do not have a contemporary mobile
seriously it seems mobile nokia brick
the time capable of when you're finished
ammunition throw him enemy to head
similar to the destinies god judge me
past the game very go
heavy meter I live limit pistol ping
ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping
ping ping
then tell you something trevor in this
have more hair
the bates to be the last for the
with this kill the driver is not
failed
you take my finger dry is the cropped
I will be crossing a path of
train stay bad spinach and play me
with a tractor because there is a tractor
if there is snow it does not make any sense
Y
I just say that my father seems
international entrepreneur who's going
your father carry that goes with in reality
borrowed helicopter
good to say that the goal of this
series will get an ak-47 gold
institutes where
suleiman come together let's go friends
near the night you would die
inspires me confidence that he expects the
police
but we do not asshole then
I'm put to you for being in the car
with us and one thing I technically
I should not get the stars
because it's not I'm not in the vehicle
as a test before against something and you heard the
let's palm
and good bye